[DOC] Publish HTML documentation preview on surge (#128)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-R: CONTRIBUTING.md

devtools::document()
```

### Generate the HTML documentation (site)

> Generate the HTML documentation with [pkgdown](https://pkgdown.r-lib.org)

Author: ```suggestion
The HTML documentation is generated with [pkgdown](https://pkgdown.r-lib.org).

If you need to test locally changes in the configuration or content of this documentation, install `pkgdown` following the [official documentation](https://pkgdown.r-lib.org).
```

> Generate the HTML documentation with [pkgdown](https://pkgdown.r-lib.org)

Author: We decided to document it differently
